Dave is the only candidate who has an established record of sustained support for the citizens of Teller County and the Pikes Peak Region that includes decades of experience in elected offices, appointed positions and Board of Directors responsibilities 
ELECTED OFFICES: TELLER COUNTY COMMISSIONER 2011-2019 (8 YEARS) Successfully managed county responsibilities, paid off debt, maintained exceptional service levels and approved a new sheriff’s office building including the saved cash to avoid debt.
NORTHEAST TELLER COUNTY FIRE PROTECTION DISTRICT 2004-2010, 2023-PRESENT (8 YEARS) Provided leadership during challenging times in the early 2000s when revenue was tight and internal issues required mitigation. Turned the organization around and fostered moving forward as a regional leader in emergency services. Served as President 2007-2010, currently Secretary/Treasurer.
APPOINTED POSITIONS: UPPER ARKANSAS AREA COUNCIL OF GOVERNMENTS 2023-PRESENT (3 YEARS) Initially hired to rework a $3 million business loan fund which had serious delinquency issues throughout the portfolio following COVID. Elevated to Executive Director to “save” the organization after years of fiscal mismanagement. Contracted through July 2026. Serving counties in central Colorado.
OFFICE OF JUDICIAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION, JUDICIAL PERFORMANCE COMMISSIONER 2019-2025 (7 YEARS) Evaluated judges in the 4th Judicial District with write-ups in the Blue Book in election years, and with performance improvement plans and detailed feedback during non-election years.
COLORADO LIMITED GAMING IMPACT GRANT ADVISORY COMMITTEE 2012-2019 (7 YEARS) Appointed by the Governor to represent Teller and contiguous counties, delivering over $2 million of the available $5 million in grants to local governments and non-profits to mitigate the negative effects of gambling.
BOARDS OF DIRECTORS: THE RESOURCE EXCHANGE 2020-25 (5 YEARS) WOODLAND WEST WATER ASSOCIATION 1997-2003,2020-22 (9 YEARS)    PIKES PEAK ROTARY CLUB 1999-2010 (11 YEARS) CENTENNIAL PRESIDENT 2004-05 coordinated the funding, design and construction of the Rotary Terrace.     PIKES PEAK WORKFORCE CENTER 2013-17 (5 YEARS) Executive Board Chair. COLORADO COUNTIES INCORPORATED 2012-18 (7 YEARS) the statewide organization of County Commissioners, served as President in 2018.
For more detailed information, visit our website www.TrustDavePaul.com